+++
title = 'Disease Extrapolation'
date = 2024-03-06T03:28:36-05:00
draft = false
author = 'Kunal'
+++

"I think I have throat cancer," said Mansi in a somber whisper.

"What?" Her friend asked choking on his innocent sip of water. You don't have the watercooler talk to discuss matters of life or death. Mansi nodded, her expression fixed and her eyes shifty. Worry was visible on her face and was now mirrored on his.

"How?"

"You know I've been coughing for the past week. During my travel, I fell completely off the wagon. Tried the allergy medication because earlier the diagnosis was that - no effect. In fact, I started having the fever as well. For the past 5 days, I have been doing a course of anti-biotics - no effect again. Everything points to one thing now," said Mansi and gulped down the whole glass of water in one go, as if drowning her miseries in it.

Her friend looked like a deer in front of headlights. He opened his mouth and then closed it.

"Are the doctors completely sure? You should take a second opinion," is all he could come up with.

"I haven't yet gone to the doctor."

"Huh!"

"Yeah. I didn't have the time and I was too tired."

He let out a sigh of relief. "You have been self-diagnosing yourself."

Mansi nodded, still a serious expression on her face.

"Go see a doctor. It will probably be viral or something."

"But it isn't going away."

"It will in a few days." He said annoyed.

"You don't think it's throat cancer?"

"If you want it to be throat cancer, start using more tobacco."

Mansi stuck her tongue out at him. "Don't make fun of me."

"Don't self-diagnose and go see a doctor."

"It could be dengue as well - I'm having fever. Plus, dengue is in the air these days."

"It's not dengue. You don't have that high a fever. Plus, with dengue, you would have been in bed by now."

"Hmm... Good to know that. Then, it probably is typhoid. I've had typhoid before you know - twice."

He had a strong urge to face-palm himself but resisted.

"Ok. It might be typhoid. Just get it checked by a doctor before taking any medicine."

"Yeah. I will get myself checked for Typhoid." Mansi said giddily.
