+++
title = 'Faster we fall'
date = 2024-03-06T03:33:46-05:00
draft = true
author = 'Kunal'
+++

Mansi decided that she would kill him. Not because he threw water on her precious clothes; not because he teased to date her sister; and definitely not because he was cute. She decided that the only way everyone in the office would stop teasing her about him was if he didn't exist. "I know it's not the right thing but what choice do I have?" Mansi thought and mixed the juice with a little alcohol.

"It would have been easier if he was a drunkard. But this is the best poison in the world either ways," said Mansi giggling. She had checked online and it takes a little more than a shot worth of methyl alcohol to kill someone. Mansi knew that he wouldn't drink that much alcohol in one go - the non-drinker he was - but the night was young and she had time on her hand.

"Here's your juice," said Mansi and brought him his favorite orange juice.

"Oh! Wow, Mansi. I never thought you would bring me water, let alone juice," he said with a grin.

"I was already taking something for myself so..." Mansi trailed off waiting for him to sip.

"It's tasting funny. I think it's gone bad," he said and kept the juice down.

"Oh no!" said Mansi, truly disappointed. He looked at her face and grinned again, "but you have brought me the drink so I'll finish this one even if it's sour."

In one large swig, he finished off the drink and smacked his lips. "You happy Mansi."

Mansi nodded. “A couple more of such drinks and my work is done," she thought, her mind sparkling with happiness.

As the party continued, Mansi found new and creative ways to smuggle in the methyl alcohol in his drinks and food. It was almost three hours since the first glass of juice was taken by him when he coughed.

"I don't know why, but I feel dizzy. What was in the food man?" He said in a voice that was quickly deteriorating. He grabbed the chair and tried to sit on it but fell beside it. A person shouted for some water while another one held him. Mansi showed concern but was giddy inside.

'Finally!' her mind repeated as he started coughing blood.

"Mansi. I don't know what is happening but I must tell you. I'm sorry if I ever hurt you. You're the most wonderful person I've ever met," he said waving his hands. His vision had become blurry and he could barely see two feet in front of him.

Mansi held his hand and spoke softly, "I know. I was not offended. It was all fine."

By the time the ambulance arrived, his body had given up. Mansi knew what the autopsy would say and hoped that there was no murder investigation. Her choice of poison was mundane specifically for this reason.

'Now, I will finally be rid of all the teasing,' she thought as his body was taken away.